It's a bright Friday morning and this is
the story of a happy and small family.
It's the perfect day for an outing and
the Varma family has planned just that.
The family is excited, especially the
children. Mrs. Varma is getting the
delighted children ready for the picnic.
While Mr. Varma heads out to check the
car, he starts with the car checklist.
Bonnet check. Tires check. Trunk check.
Fuel check.
Oops. The car insurance policy has
expired. The conventional way of
renewing the policy after an inspection
will take at least 2 days. If they are
lucky, the picnic is ruined. The Varma
family is sulking and the children can't
stop crying. That's when Mrs. Varma
comes up with an idea. ICICI Lombard's
Insure app has a self inspection option
which helps you get approval the quick,
easy, and smart way. Welcome to the
self- inspection demo. Before you
proceed, please make note of these
pointers. We recommend an upgraded
version of the app, highspeed internet
connection, and camera resolution of 3
megapixel or above. Initiate the mobile
inspection in an open area in broad
daylight. Open car bonnet before
starting inspection.
Identify the location of your chassis
number and engine number. The same can
be located near the door jamb or the
door post of the driver's side door or
could be under the bonnet. Follow the
stencil to conduct the inspection.
Capture the chassis number and engine
number identified previously and close
the bonnet and focus on the windshield.
Proceed with the inspection from the
front of the vehicle slowly moving
towards the right side of the car
progressing towards the back and then
the left side.
Take the odometer reading of the car.
Switch on the engine and keep it on for
10 seconds with the complete view of the
dashboard.
Capture the under chassis beneath car
area and take a close-up in case of any
damage noticed. Once a clear video
adhering to all guidelines is taken.
Please confirm the terms and conditions
and upload the video. Our team shall get
back to you shortly confirming the
status of your mobile inspection. Mr.
Varma uploads the video and the entire
family waits with baited breath for the
confirmation. Some hours later, Mr.
Varma gets a notification, inspection
approved. The Varma family is off to
enjoy their much awaited picnic. ICICI
Lombards insure. Save the day for them.